# Randy Skeete QA — Clean Questions
# Total: 496 unique questions

  1. Is it God's will for me to unite with this person because there's some divorced people who are absolutely innocent?
  2. If you're hold on hold on there is no boyfriend evangelism in the Bible uh-uh there's no girlfriend evangelism God told the Israelites do not inter marry with the Nations around you that's what he told them plain and?
  3. Is it okay for church leaders to be a witness or Guardian in an unequally yoke marriage will they be held accountable you're really trying to get me into trouble if the church is against mixed marriages how can the?
  4. Has something to do with food yes if it was God's ideal that humans consume herbs as food why did Jesus give fish in the feeding of the 5,000 all right okay and why give meat as food for the high priest family okay?
  5. What do you mean by judgment begin at the house of God Romans um 1 Peter 4:1 17 judgment must begin at the house of God if you read Ezekiel 9 where Ezekiel has a vision of a destroying?
  6. Have you experienced persecution from our church?
  7. This is a related question but uh it belongs to someone who is married?
  8. What does the Bible say about those who rather than go to church building during Sabbath go to other places to conduct small group meetings worship like coffee shops malls Parks Mountain Etc to reach out Souls okay Satan is very clever we have to be very careful with the decisions we make which we call Soul winning you have seven days in the week to go to the coffee shop?
  9. Can rebaptism really needed is can rebaptism be done to come back?
 10. How do we know that the SDA Doctrine is remains its purity how do we know what that the SDA Doctrine maintains its Purity oh but at some point we have to put a stop to this flow of questions the Seventh Day Adventist Church teaches something called present truth?
 11. Are there a other Adam and Eve in other planets oh?
 12. Is it okay to conduct a choir practice or church board meeting Before Sunset of Sabbath H?
 13. You are if you have a son or daughter whose girlfriend is an unbeliever what do you do as a parent?
 14. Can I take that okay we have an Adventist boy or young man but the two parents don't agree?
 15. Can we use images of God uhhuh in our church images of God similar to what the Roman Catholic that is a controversial point should you have uh what those what those windows called um where you stained glass windows?
 16. Has God chosen this person for me whether the person is divorced or not is this God's Will and God is willing to tell you his will will as for the unbeliever the answer is no okay the next question?
 17. How long have you been memorizing the scripture and what prompted you to do it?
 18. When studying the Bible, should I use a physical or a digital one?
 19. Could you please explain the word blasphemy and blaspheme?
 20. Is it possible to sense evil?
 21. I think. Yes. Next question, please. Oh, what was nailed to the cross?
 22. Please. Oh, what was nailed to the cross?
 23. If I have a next question. Oh, this is What is God's word?
 24. This is What is God's word?
 25. How do you explain Matthew chapter 7 27 verse 5 and Acts chapter 1 verse 18?
 26. Should we play drums in the church?
 27. [clears throat] >> Uh-oh. If I was baptized at another church, I guess they mean denomination, should I be rebaptized in this one?
 28. Is it wrong, you know, when we have potluck?
 29. As a newly wed new couple, what advice would you give to bless us with for a successful marriage?
 30. Pastor, I'm being told that that's all they have collected. >> enough. Okay. Well, well, well, well, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. There are some people who wanted to ask questions, but?
 31. Question is Oh, my little sister had a question. Give her a mic. That works. Oh oh okay. All right. We'll come back to you, my lovely darling. We'll come back to you. All right. The question is you?
 32. This This comes from another online member. It says, "Does God answer our prayers immediately or does it take a long time?
 33. Please Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. This [clears throat] is a Okay. >> "Please clarify. This one seems like a personal one. Why some people preach that salvation is based on what you eat?
 34. How can I allow God to take full control of my life?
 35. When will the sealing of God's children start and end?
 36. How long will the plagues last?
 37. On what day what time frame was Eve created?
 38. Is it right for the pastor to baptize with jewelry?
 39. Can you explain where the when?
 40. If past It says, can the tithes, you know, the tithes, can can the tithes be used to pay Bible workers?
 41. Are God's remnant people to wear jewelry and the wedding band?
 42. Does God answer our prayers immediately or does it take a long time?
 43. Should the Should the church, when they do, you know, when they're on church and they ask members to participate, should they use members on the pulpit that use makeup and dress inappropriately?
 44. An SDA husband told his wife that he was divorcing her and the divorce was between you know, her, the husband, and God. Is there a biblical position for a man to take up that position to say it's not just between me and you, it's me, you, and God?
 45. When God comes again for the second time, will he come for the only Will he come only for educated people?
 46. Can people who are uneducated still work for the Lord?
 47. This person asks, "Could you please explain the word blasphemy and blaspheme?
 48. We'll be very rapidly. Oh, how do I explain to those who believe that the that Sunday is a Sabbath?
 49. This is one of my friend's question. My friend asked me to write this question. He said, "Can I choose to be a pastor and know that it is God that calls me to be a pastor?
 50. I guess this is part of a previous question. Why are we not to eat certain meats?
 51. By the way, the healthier your mind is, the better you understand the word of God. Are you with me?
 52. Why doth this man thus speak blasphemies? Who can forgive sins but God?
 53. For many good works have I shown you of my Father. For which of these works do you stone me?
 54. How do I know which is the seventh day?
 55. Can I choose to be a pastor and know that it is God that calls me to be a pastor?
 56. Do I like giving Bible studies? Do I like counseling people?
 57. What do you observe in me?
 58. Please clarify. This one seems like a personal one. Why some people preach that salvation is based on what you eat?
 59. Unto what were you baptized?
 60. Who's on the Lord's side?
 61. Look, you defiled our sister. What's your intention?
 62. If God knows what I want, why do I have to pray?
 63. If God's love is Everlasting how can the probation be closed before the life of someone is over all right?
 64. How do you overcome sin by the righteousness of christ because the sinless life of christ is the power that enables us and that power is mediated through the word of god you know when the sinner brought?
 65. Yeah where is that oh over here do you have a mic oh I'm so sorry we'll come back to you yes my brother um asking this question because of what is happening in present time in what things that?
 66. Yeah when I was telling my lovely sisters earlier when I was a boy we had something called morning watch young people had to learn a new verse every day on Sabbath afternoon in the young people's service we all?
 67. The last part of that question says how do we know that some of our writings on fast that we are not explicitly in the Bible are true say that again how do we know that some of high writings?
 68. Could you please explain Deuteronomy 24:1 to4 which says say read that you me 24 1 to4 put that up for usy okay when a man has taken a wife and married her and it come to pass that she?
 69. It is true that God created Adam and gave him Eve as a helpmate?
 70. What about fraternity and sorority in universities and colleges no what's the purpose of those fraternities that practice hazing and those surround you know people die from hazing they beat you they kick you they all kind they force you?
 71. What about um divorce and remarin okay now that's touchy but we have an answer for that?
 72. Why do Adventists hold her writing so highly even when she made some predictions that were are not fulfilled that's not true there's no legitimate prediction El white ever made that did not come through through like the Bible elte?
 73. What should the parents do if their daughter tells them she will marry this gentleman whether they like it or not there's nothing they can do you can't arrest her there how old is she six there's nothing they can?
 74. How does one conquer appetite appetite was the problem Adam had and Eve the first Adam fell on the point of appetite the second Adam conquered on the point of appetite and this is not accidental the devil knows that?
 75. For tonight is I divorced my husband due to infidelity?
 76. Will the 144 be part of those who go through the time of trouble or does this number repres is is this number um uh let me come again is the 1, 144,000 uh part of those who go through?
 77. If Reuben the oldest of Jo Jacob's son was the one who showed Mercy to Joseph and he told the brothers don't kill him let's sell him into slavery God didn't have to choose Ruben God does whatever he wants?
 78. Why are you kissing what's the spiritual value do you pray first what can it lead to you understand can a lead to B the human being is heavily affected by touch you want to hold hands why are you?
 79. It is not a holy thing but the rest of it says because Christ Rose I am glad Christ Rose because the dead Jesus cannot save you but nowhere in the Bible are we told to celebrate his day of?
 80. What are the primary uses of the offering the primary uses of the offering yes let's pray before we I try to answer?
 81. Can you personally give tithe to a specific minister or strictly be distributed to the conflict if that is done we introduce the principal found in judges every man did that which was right in his own eyes the established?
 82. Can you forgo a strictly plant-based diet or articles of it for health reasons can you forego a strictly plant-based diet yes I mean can you set it aside yes in place of meat yes well you never set aside?
 83. What circumstance best defines an individual as ready to engage in a marriage relation maturity spiritual maturity not spiritual Perfection spiritual maturity yes um Financial maturity emotional maturity when God performed the first wedding ceremony he put a man and a woman not a boy and a girl?
 84. Says can you personally give tithe to a specific minister or strictly be distributed to the conflict if that is done we introduce the principal found in judges every man did that which was right in his own eyes the?
 85. What are the requirements to be in courtship or can anyone decide to be in courtship at any time well you can decide to be in courtship at any time that's what you want to do but biblically from?
 86. How can you describe a holy wedding which is acceptable in the sight of God how can I describe a holy wedding I attended a wedding a few years ago I was a part of it and there was a?
 87. What does it what does it matter on which day to wash it it matters because God has already chosen the day and it's his if you read Genesis chapter 2 verses 1 to 3 thus the heavens and the?
 88. What is a christ-like character a christ-like character is a character like Christ you see it's?
 89. What does the Bible say about wearing jewelry oh Lord okay well I'm I'm Don't Kill the Messenger he just all right is that from online to that's okay all right thank you let me I'll get to that?
 90. Her other question was well what if like someone's supposed to be working on that day but she's off on the Sabbath but the person gets sick or has take care of someone who is sick in their home then she would get called in should she go in or should she not so I guess your answer would be whatever money she makes on the sabath to ease someone's suffering people have to be fed on the Sabbath?
 91. You just said that um dating is not mentioned in the bible which is according to my research and um might I share that according to what I've come across that dating is correlated with instantaneous it's it doesn't?
 92. There any other church that can preach the Three Angels messages no is there any of the church that can give food and blankets yes but is it good is it good to give food and blankets yes but are?
 93. How do you maintain a home that is spiritually divided meaning kids are involved the kids have chosen sides with the parent that is not so spiritual um and it's divided it's it's a hurting home yeah God is a specialist at reconciliation and unifying the spouse who is growing in Grace and is outnumbered has to do first maintain the that honest relationship with Christ?
 94. Can a prayer be answered if we do not ask in the name of Jesus Christ John 14:13-14 in the times of ignorance God overlooks when a person genuinely does not know God overlooks but to him that knoweth?
 95. How do I pray effectively for my marriage family life and over my children you pray through the word of God read the question again please how do I pray effectively for my marriage family life and over my children?
 96. As the head of my household how do I run it effectively and in the way of God you lead out spiritually as a head of the household you're the head of the house you're not the Tyrant you're not the boss you're the head and biblical headship is service?
 97. If one pays Lola or doy for a wife and obtains a marriage certificate via court is this Union still blessed by God when I come from a culture with no doola that's so but for what from what I've?
 98. Do dreams in our time still have meaning and if so what does it mean to always be running from danger do dreams still have meaning in our time God can give a dream to anyone he wants?
 99. There anything such as rebaptism I was baptized in 2015 and since then have lived a sinful life I am ashamed of it and would like to start a fresh please advise but we read in Acts chapter 9 19?
100. But let me say quickly when we say the Catholic Church the Roman Church we are not referring to the members in the pews they have no clue what is the magisterium you asked the the average Catholic in the?
101. When the Bible talks about the mark of the beast is that a literal Mark or the forehead and hands please elaborate the mark of the beast and then there's the mark of the Seal of God the Seal of?
102. What do the Sabbath was made for men and not men for the 17 all right did you have Heroes day yesterday okay did you celebrate it it was given to you but for what purpose to hon are you?
103. No business on Sabbath what if I stay home and keep Sabbath and honor God what's the point of joining church and being baptized where I find people with problems and bad attitudes and characters but you have problems and bad attitudes too huh come join the family?
104. What is the danger of being spiritually Rich spiritually rich Let's?
105. How do you identify your spiritual gift several ways one your parents can tell you what they observe in you two the church one of the gifts of the church is the gift of discernment and church members observing you?
106. Why is anointing oil not used by our elders and pastors who says it's not used who said that I don't mean don't identify yourself but you're not present at every Church how do you know anointing all is not?
107. Can Satan cast himself out no?
108. Does the time of having Lord's Supper be only during the dinner time the Lord the Bible doesn't tell us when in the day to have the Lord's Supper no how often it simply says as often as he eat?
109. It okay for a Christian to have a cash loan and should it be tithed to tithe is based on your increase if you given something you didn't have before you have increased and God says I want some because?
110. H oh okay next question as a business owner is the amount after paying employees and builds what one should tithe how should tithing be done in general you tithe your increase your profit let's say you have a business?
111. As a business owner is the amount after paying employees and builds what one should tithe how should tithing be done in general you tithe your increase your profit let's say you have a business your profit is $500 you?
112. What is the symbolic principle of tithe in the Adventist Church tithe simply says you acknowledge God as the rightful owner of everything and you acknowledge the fact that God is trying to take selfishness out of your life by?
113. Hello. Um >> hi. >> Uh my name is Carllet Mackenzie. >> Your name is what?
114. You will bring them to me." >> He always warns the Israelites, "They will take you from me." He never says, "You will bring them to me." The cure for the contaminated universe is to get back to the word?
115. Where where did those people come from?
116. The wife is bound by the law as long as her husband liveth, but if her husband be dead, she is at liberty to be married to whom she will. Only in the Lord."?
117. For as Jonah was three days and three nights in the belly of the great fish, >> so will the Son of Man be three days and three nights in the heart of the earth."?
118. The seventh day is the Sabbath?
119. If you love me, what's our subject?
120. How can this man give us his flesh to eat?
121. What? >> Just pause right there. It's not a suggestion. >> Have not I commanded you?
122. When shall we buy bread that these may eat?
123. How do you overcome sin?
124. I thought it's good god is good i've been going all day and uh it's good to rest even there's a hand okay all right so let's um use the mic so that we can don't let these hands turn?
125. In these end times, there's so many people who are struggling with their faith, struggling with the idea of moving into a Sunday law. Um what end times So, when apostasy, spiritual decline, appears within the church, how can people remain faithful or just the fear of what's coming?
126. Organizations and religions and structure. Jesus said, "I will build my church on this rock." The rock, of course, is not Peter. The rock was the statement he made, "Thou art the Christ, the son of living God." Now, that?
127. I will build up this church." Not a building, because buildings became commonplace in the 3rd century, particularly when Constantine became a Christian, so-called. Prior to that, people met in houses. The church was a group of people called out?
128. In countries which clearly indicates there may be places where people have no choice but to eat what is fish or meat or whatever. That's clean, of course. In countries where there is not an abundance of fruits and vegetables?
129. Whom do men say that I, the Son of Man, am?
130. How does the Bible define the church?
131. Which of you shall have an ass or ox fallen into a pit and will not straightway pull it out on the Sabbath day?
132. Is this really a burden or calling from God, or is this simply something I want to do?
133. Is this really from God?
134. Is this really God's idea for me, or is this my idea?
135. That we have is one where it's objective or subjectives in other words some what is true for you may not be true for me so why should I listen to your version of the truth when I don't I either don't want to or I don't think that your version of the truth is relevant so how do you how do you answer that question that's a common modern problem I suspect it also existed in ages past?
136. Has to do with uh the day of the week that you worship so the question is is I don't see any difference between worshiping on Saturday or Sunday so why should it matter what day that I worship on?
137. Though says the people at the Sunday churches are nicer than the Saturday churches so why should I go to a Saturday Church they're nice here on Sunday oh that made me smile I don't know how anyone can prove?
138. Has to do with marriage and actually in this case divorce and the question is should a person be allowed to divorce another in the case of abuse whether it be physical mental or emotional and another part of that?
139. Is it a sin to worry very carefully I'll say this if God tells me don't do something and I do it I have sinned?
140. Once saved always saved truly biblical it is?
141. Asked how do I know if I'm going to be saved that's a very very very important question how do I know you know you'll be saved if your life is given to Christ one hundred percent?
142. Is I don't see any difference between worshiping on Saturday or Sunday so why should it matter what day that I worship on it matters what day I worship on because it matters to God you see what matters to?
143. Is what really is the mark of the beast in order to answer the question a?
144. Is is is it then okay for a Christian to drink wine the word wine has a certain emotional effect you see we think of alcohol the juice of the grape is referred to the Bible as wine grape juice?
145. Should a person be allowed to divorce another in the case of abuse whether it be physical mental or emotional and another part of that is why does the bible only really outline adultery as the reason that a person?
146. Why would God only give that I don't know that's the only one God gives as a matter of fact when we leave God he calls that adultery spiritual adultery or spiritual fornication and so he applies it at the?
147. Why did god allow sin to enter into a perfect world why do you think adam sinned adam sinned because he chose to sin it was not an accident the bible is clear eve was deceived adam was not first?
148. I'm not sure if this one is pleasant okay okay what does the bible say about divorce and remarriage are adult adult well adultery and death the of the spouse okay the only ground for remarrying someone else can you marry someone who someone if someone who has been divorced yeah okay?
149. God is good god is good i've been going all day and uh it's good to rest even there's a hand okay two hands all right so let's um use the mic so that we can ensure that don't let?
150. That was actually the last question god is good god is good i've been going all day and uh it's good to rest even there's a hand okay two hands all right so let's um use the mic so that?
151. If one pays lobola or doy for a wife and obtains a marriage certificate via court is this Union still blessed by God well I come from a culture with no Lola so but for what from what I've learned?
152. Do dreams in our times still have meaning and if so what does it mean to always be running from danger do dreams still have meaning in our time God can give a dream to anyone he wants?
153. What does the Sabbath was made for men and not men for the Sab all right did you have Heroes day yesterday okay did you celebrate it it was given to you but for what purpose to honor you did?
154. My pastor all right what do you say about one who does not believe in Jesus as God but a prophet Jesus was a prophet he was a prophet all right to believe Jesus is the prophet is to believe the Bible?
155. I hope it's easy whoa okay can I remarry after a divorce I had a divorce I did not agree with did not sign court documents but was defaulted by the court not aware of adultery not not aware of adultery in other words the situation was not uh?
156. Satan has studied the secrets of the Laboratories of Nature and uses all his power to control the elements as far as God allows?
157. What is sin it was that the question yes the next one is what is sent?
158. Can we reason that Satan is more powerful than ever than ever yeah he is more clever than ever yes but his degree of power has not increased his skillfulness has increased yes and it is he largely who sends?
159. Why are so many SDA Church pastors not using the spirit of Prophecy Ellen White's writings what are they afraid of They're Not Afraid some of them do not have they do not appreciate the value of the testimonies and?
160. How can we know if we are with God or with Satan by the fruits you shall know them?
161. How can I practically detach myself from Amusements of this world some of these amusements might not even be bad in themselves but they're still distracting me from God they don't have to be they may appear not bad?
162. How can I overcome the sinful desire of lust okay where am I going back to the Bible yes the 10th commandment says th Thou shalt not covet lust is a desire for something that should not belonging for the?
163. What is your favorite Ellen White book and what is your favorite Bible verse my favorite ELO white book I believe is steps to Christ it's very non-denominational it's a powerful book I always recommend it to anyone who wants?
164. Ed is it wrong to be anti antitrinitarian that means it wrong to oppose the biblical concept of the Trinity the answer is yes?
165. How can I stop being selfish and prideful look at Calvary look at Calvary start with John 3:16 for God so loved the world that he gave the love of God is self sacrificing I?
166. What more events are still to come to pass before the second coming of Jesus well there's several events that have yet to come to pass one is the Sunday law one is the close of probation we have?
167. This is I think from someone who was um convicted from last night uh how do how to start how may how can I continue to build a character and maintain it that is Honorable to God in Christ object?
168. How do you know when a dream is from God if it is consistent with the word of God if you have a dream that tells you go kill somebody that's not from God?
169. This person is asking about your personal testimony and how you came to know Christ?
170. What does the Bible say about anger the Bible has nothing well do you have your Bibles with you yes?
171. Do you think God created other perfect beings on other worlds and we're just the only rebellious ones the Bible gives us a clue despite the very explicit statements from Ela white that there are worlds where people live who?
172. As a Christian how do I act towards people who are hypocrites or fake okay?
173. When can we get you to come back oh oh well talk to God about that okay okay?
174. This person's asking do you have any advice for student leaders yes make this your manual make this your Manual of operation as a student leader there's a burden upon you to set an example in everything you?
175. Right uh this person is asking is it okay for someone who is in the military or in a medical Prof uh profession to work on Sabbath and if so should the money earned go towards the mission of the?
176. This person asks how can I stop being selfish and prideful look at Calvary look at Calvary start with John 3:16 for God so loved the world that he gave the love of God is self sacrificing I say it?
177. And see how Pastor riskit reacted to the question okay let's get into way so uh I know that there's no contradictions in the bible say that again I know there's no contradictions in the Bible right and I'm just?
178. That was not answered please please let me know the answer in the comment okay personally I don't know the answer so I cannot talk about it but what I can only say is that there is no contradiction in?
179. According to the man who just came up so I'm asking this question on behalf of somebody the person would like to know how do we deal with pastors who were not called by God but did call themselves they're?
180. You're asking me to make a judgment and I can't make a judgment I don't know who is called by God or who sent himself what I do know is if you send yourself the results of your work will not uh be according to God's will for you God sends people when you send yourself you're not representing God you do more harm than good now some people approach the ministry as a career it is a calling?
181. Who has the mic oh okay Jesus came in human form yes was it prior to the fall of Adam or after the fall of Adam?
182. At this point in time if I continue to eat meat flesh food would I be going to heaven all right it's a?
183. Were you thinking of the glory of God when you bought those shoes and only you can answer that but I can't come and tell you now I was at a church in Los Angeles they had standards for coming up on the pulpit?
184. Make it easy. Yes. >> As someone who's not yet asked a question. Not yet. Not yet. I'll come back to you. You've had one. You've had one. Yes, my good sister?
185. Which one do I trust?
186. I am God, there's none else." What is he saying?
187. And thou lord in the beginning has laid the foundation of the earth and the heavens are the work of thy hands." Now, in the beginning, God created the heaven and the earth. Who did creation?
188. How do you preach without notes?
189. What's your take on this?
190. Have you not read that he which made them when?
191. Will there be death in the new world?
192. Do you recognize me?
193. About tithe someone somebody uh wonders is it okay for someone or even a local church to decide to redirect their tithe from a conference to a different line of evangelism the church is an organized body remove organization and?
194. There's somebody who's dealing with the Farming Farming yes and uh the question they have is as far as eating uh produce from these animals they have arrived at a point where they don't want to eat say milk or?
195. Why did Jesus wait until he was 30 to begin his ministry it could be that in the Jewish system priests began their duties at the age of 30 that's when he began the duties it could be that could?
196. Asked what is righteousness by faith righteousness by faith is the central doctrine of the bible it is an expression it is equivalent to conversion it really is the new birth the conversion that is righteousness by faith it is?
197. This person is asking how can I help my friend who is confused by conflicting Bible views from me and another denomination without putting down the other person's faith we never try to put down other people's faith we?
198. Is quite a popular question um and it's if Adventists or saus believing Believers um on the Sabbath have a job that saves wherein either healthc care or Emergency Services should they be paid for it where do we?
199. How can I take away fear how can you take away fear 2 Timothy 1:7 For God hath not given us the spirit of fear but of power and of love and of the sound mind fear disappears as Faith?
200. Can probation close for children and why what's that can probation clo for children and why?
201. Today pasta is is it true that one can see God cannot see God and leave especially as you look at the example of Israel didn't he see God and yet lived the Bible is very clear in Exodus 33?
202. Before we take the break all right when should one be baptized or there are several responses to that when she won't be baptized or re-baptized re-baptizing rebaptize yes okay rebaptism may be necessitated by one the person was baptized?
203. I have prayed for a long time and apparently God isn't answering my prayer what can I do in Luke 18 verse from verse 1 to verse 8 we have a parable of the unjust judge and in verse 1?
204. For time from time to time I have very bad dreams and these dreams tend to ruin the next day always what can I do Isaiah 26 3 tells us that will keep him in perfect peace whose mind is?
205. For someone who got married before he or she believed in Christ should they divorce and get remarried get get to marry a new someone who had no relationship with Christ and is married someone who didn't know Jesus Christ?
206. Next is I used to be a strong Christian but I backslade is there any hope for me what can I do yes there's a lot of Hope for you again that's why Christ died the prodigal son he left?
207. Two more questions um that was one more okay uh I just got one in the last second so I have to go right no problem um the Bible said?
208. Why should we study faith and works and how do we reconcile the two very very comprehensive question why should we study faith and works let us?
209. Which is how are we saved you know in terms of reconciling with people's writings with James however we say okay we're served by Christ but?
210. Why should we study faith and works and how do the two work together John 8 verse 29 this is Jesus speaking he says and he that sent me is with me the father hath not left me alone for?
211. Why should we study faith and works how do you reconcile the two Titus what is the chapter two verse 14. okay who gave himself for us that he might redeem us from all iniquity and purify unto himself a peculiar people of good work good works now there's two opposites in that verse who gave himself for us that he might redeem us from all iniquity those are bad words?
212. Which says I sometimes feel this to do with relationships male/female it can go both ways this question Arita assets I will read it as if asked I sometimes feel that women more attractive to me don't seem to possess?
213. How do you study and memorize the Bible and enjoy it to the point of committing all those verses to memory question 1 question 2 I find the Bible boring to read and struggle to understand it please help me?
214. Memorization of Scripture look scripture memorization is is kind of the key to meditation if you want to learn anything if you're in school for any discipline it requires a certain level of memory for mastery everybody knows that it?
215. Third question how do we practice good judgment practical suggestions in John chapter 5 Jesus says I can have mine own self do nothing as I hear I judge and my judgment is just in other words Christ is saying?
216. Do you recognize it and get on the right Road when he shows you the way thank you how can I tell the Holy Spirit is talking how can you tell the Holy Spirit is talking to you the Holy?
217. Should they get paid when I worked as a nurse my wife was working in the hospital as well she said Don I never take money on the Sabbath because Jesus didn't take money he didn't heal someone and said?
218. How do we know that jesus was human very very fair legitimate question when christ rose from the dead if we can?
219. Our next question will be what is the role of christ humanity in the plan of salvation that is as significant as any question can be without the humanity of christ there is no salvation because salvation is god's response?
220. Will be what is the role of christ humanity in the plan of salvation that is as significant as any question can be without the humanity of christ there is no salvation because salvation is god's response to sin he?
221. How does chrysler manatee help us be partakers of divine nature um i would now turn it over to sister denisha for our open forum questions i only want questions on the humanity of christ on this subject is?
222. This is from the sovereign hero and what other ways has taken on humanity well this person when he said mar the god mard the godhead i don't think it necessarily has martin but i'll read the second part was christ gargantuan and stature before taking on humanity um okay let me i don't know if i understand this in other words has was christ's stature reduced when he took on humanity uh?
223. Was there another question there are more questions coming in the chat uh pick a good one pick a good one pick a good one a good one and ask it yes one that can bless a lot of people?
224. This question comes from brother oliver he asks why was the personal and it sees personally but i'm not too sure about the form there but why was a personal nature of jesus christ uh why were these two things?
225. Will jesus retain his humanity?
226. Does jesus have to partake of the tree of life have some smart people on this forum ah how do i answer that i know that in his humanity jesus will eat that's all i'll say it is humanity christ?
227. Our first question Elder ski is how do we know or how did Jesus rather how did Jesus manifest his divinity let's pray first?
228. Elder ski is how do we know or how did Jesus rather how did Jesus manifest his divinity let's pray first?
229. Our next two questions will be asked by sister Chelsea Jack all right um Chelsea are you ready to ask the next questions yes I am I'm just have trying to start my camera start my video but it's?
230. The fourth question what is the role of Christ now now the role of Christ now Christ is our high Priestly intercessor in a Most Holy place if you study the sanctuary Services the day of atonement took place?
231. What is the role of Christ now now the role of Christ now Christ is our high Priestly intercessor in a Most Holy place if you study the sanctuary Services the day of atonement took place on the 10th day?
232. What is the impact of Jesus's Divinity in our lives the impact of Christ in our lives it is by the power of Christ the divine power that you and I are made Godly or Godlike in order to reach?
233. It really is let's go to the Book of John Chapter 2 John chapter 2 John Chapter 2 this is Christ performing the very first miracle changing water into wine we'll read that story we read from verse three to?
234. Elder ski okay okay this is from eileene Skinner please repeat the explanation of God telling Jesus when to get up from the dead or to go down all right let's go to um John 10 John okay let's read?
235. Elder ski is did Christ have the capacity or the ability to sin the answer is yes and the devil knew that always keep in mind that Satan knew Christ very well he knew him he was the closest person?
236. S yes I am I'm just have trying to start my camera start my video but it's not working oh sorry but I can hear you camera or not I can hear you okay all right well um it is?
237. Before I get more work what's the next question well I'm going to unmute uh Prince Eli to ask his question about the Divinity of all right we have a prince okay yes yeah yes Prince good evening from Ghana?
238. How did Jesus Christ demonstrate his divinity?
239. Goes like this. What is the new covenant?
240. Since we have defined what the law is, and we've defined what grace is, what is the relationship between law and grace?
241. God's people, whom he calls his peculiar treasure, were privileged with a twofold system of law, the moral and the ceremonial?
242. For this is the covenant that I will make with the house of Israel after those days, saith the Lord. I will put my laws into their mind and write them in their hearts. I will be to them a?
243. Grab my hand. Handle me." And so, John is fighting Docetism. And so, he says, "Anyone who tells you Christ did not come in the flesh, that is a false spirit." And by spirit, anyone preaching?
244. Anyone who tells you Christ did not come in the flesh, that is a false spirit." And by spirit, anyone preaching?
245. When Adam and Eve disobeyed the law of God, they were aware of grace and that Jesus would come, just as Abraham and David understood this. How then did they think Cain was the deliverer?
246. What was the history? You know, what was taking on in this setting? What was John, [clears throat] or whatever writer, trying to speak to or address?
247. Should we pay tithe from gross or net?
248. What is the satanic trinity and what is its purpose the satanic trinity is a reference to three entities that combine to oppose the people of god they are introduced to us in revelation 12 and revelation 13. now before we get into revelation 12 and 13?
249. I have i know we've been focusing on revelation chapter 13 in terms of identifying the satanic trinity but there is a word there for god's people in fact?
250. How do we understand john chapter 20 verses 22 and 23 in the light that only god can forgive sins and i'm going to read the passage okay dear lord please once again forgive us of our sins and please direct us as we read your word thank you for your holy spirit?
251. What is the key of the kingdom we need to understand that to explain john 20 22 23 and the great greater light regarding matthew 16 19 i will give you the keys of it is with the key of the kingdom of heaven now jesus came to preach the kingdom of heaven?
252. What are ways we can keep our names in the lamb's book of life and exhibit the patience and faith of the saints?
253. How can i keep my in the book of life by doing the opposite of what gets it out what gets in hell is sin what keeps it in is obedience through christ and i have to say through christ let's?
254. How do i keep my name continue to be faithful to christ through obedience of faith?
255. How did he do that psalm 33 verse 6 by the word of the lord where the heavens made and all the hosts of them by the breath of his mouth hebrews 11 verse 3 through 5th we understand that?
256. Our first question is straightforward in fact it's two-part question number one what is the millennium and part two is what is its relationship to the first and second resurrections the word millennium means a thousand years it's made up?
257. Straightforward in fact it's two-part question number one what is the millennium and part two is what is its relationship to the first and second resurrections the word millennium means a thousand years it's made up of two uh latin?
258. What is the battle of armageddon is it literal and what are gog and magog the battle of armageddon is literal in the sense that there will be a struggle between good and evil there won't be bombs going off?
259. When does the judgment of the wicked take place the judgment of the wicked occurs during the thousand years the investigative judgment as the bible scholars prefer to call it the pre-advent judgment is a judgment going on right now?
260. That i have is based on revelation 21 verse 2 we know that new jerusalem descends from heaven to earth after the millennium but in the earth when hell fire comes down yes it is it comes down on mount?
261. She asks how excuse me shall the people of god escape the prosecution if they were to remain i think that means persecution if they were to remain in the city since we were admonished to leave since we were admonished to leave sorry?
262. That sister sasha shay weeks has asked which is how do we overcome sin that seems to constantly repeat itself how do we die fully to self and be truly repentant how did jesus overcome sin by the word of?
263. Ed was how does a person keep from being bored so what do we do after worship is over this is the other part of the question forgive me for laughing you see someone who loves basketball is never bored by basketball?
264. What is the sabbath it's origins and purpose and you can take it one at a time yes the sabbath can be viewed as a principle and as a day the sabbath day originated in eden the sabbath principle has always existed?
265. Has there been an attempt to get rid of the sabbath if so what was it was it prophesying well i dealt with that i just believe that i was thinking about that yes and all the way back to?
266. How did the church transition to sunday worship was it the lord's name all right how did the church transition?
267. What is the mark of the beast all right the mark of the visa is identified as sunday observance but not currently the mark of the beast will exist after a law is passed officially making sunday the day of?
268. That someone has posed that's a clever question this is a very clever question worship is a lifestyle it is not an event?
269. If someone dies without knowing the sabbath will they be saved if they were loyal to the other nine commandments i don't want to be mathematical someone whose life has been given entirely to god cannot be lost now no?
270. Which is how should the sabbath be kept?
271. Will all sabbath keepers enter the kingdom of heaven why or why not?
272. Says there are a lot of denominations that keep the sabbath what is the identifying mark that confirms that seventh-day adventist or seven-day adventism is god's remnant church?
273. And i said i will ask it because this is a youth that has asked this question all right how was god created how was god created i know the question uh you can answer how was god created god?
274. Says and thank you for that so should pastors not receive honorariums for preaching on the sabbath?
275. Was the sabbath done away with no you see god's law is eternal his sabbath has not been done away with now attempts have been made with some success to institute a different day of worship for reasons not connected to righteousness?
276. The fifth question how did the church transition to sunday worship was it the lord's name all right how did the church transition?
277. Which day is blessed that's the question and the day god blessed and hallowed and set apart for special worship is the seventh day saturday not sunday so yes you can go to church on the sunday you go yes?
278. Asking if we keep the sabbath does that guarantee that we're going to heaven submission to christ stay let's?
279. From um one of our the viewers who uh wonders why didn't the disciples baptize in the name of the Father the Son and the Holy Spirit just like Jesus commanded they did baptize the name of the Father the Son of the holy spirit is just not written out the list all three but they did baptize because they obeyed The Words of Christ because let's let's go to if you?
280. Is it okay to pray with the alligator paper alligator Pepper when I first heard that expression I had to go to the YouTube to find out what it was I had never heard of alligator pepper I was a?
281. Which here is the three is a series of three what are the books of Heaven are they bound pages what is the composition what is the purpose of each book all right the books of Heaven you ask?
282. Absolutely God recalls the details God is the inventor they arranged the librarian the custodian of all the details in those books and his judgment is based on what is in the books now the books have to be open?
283. I'll repeat who judges what is in these books and why the judgment is made by God you see the Judgment going on now the presiding judge is the father?
284. When were our names written in the Lamb's Book of Life and you actually touched on the second place yeah anyone who's made a choice for Christ your name goes in?
285. We're moving quickly along how does forgiveness affect the content of death uh that's why Christ died you see Christ died that those of us who accept that death that sacrifice can have our names written in that book and not removed not removed because to give the life to Christ is to let the Life of Christ stand in your place?
286. Do we determine what goes in these books yes by certain sense yes yeah you might commit a crime it goes into the book so in that sense I have determined what goes into the book yes if I choose?
287. Which is when were our names written in the Lamb's Book of Life and you actually touched on the second place yeah anyone who's made a choice for Christ your name goes in?
288. The question again can there be persons who are at the probation already oh yes and they don't know it yes last day offense I think it's paid no no uh pictures of prophet page 140 paragraph one I think?
289. Our first set of questions has four parts so i'll take it step by step what is the bible who wrote it how was it compiled and what is the purpose of the bible so we can start with what?
290. Who wrote the bible the bible was written by uh several persons over about a 1500 year period the new testament including jesus clearly identifies moses as the author of the first five uh the jewish the jewish nation identifies?
291. Which i i feel you touched on before but what is the purpose of the bible the purpose of the bible is to guide people you see we have this thing called sin the earth is on a collision course?
292. A juicy one i i like this question which is there are a plethora of different bible translations does the version we read make a difference?
293. What makes the bible distinct from other holy books but okay we have to well other holy books what does that mean other holy books the bible is distinct from the christian perspective because it is the revealed will of?
294. What's the verse saying and you may want to write these questions down i believe i talked about that before but repetition is good the second question what does this say to me you see what does it say third?
295. What does this say to me you see what does it say third question does this verse rebuke a sin in my life and i need to give up next question is it revealing a duty in which i have?
296. The next question was on sharing god's word how can we effectively share god's word there are several ways to to uh speak god's word to others you may not even have to say anything you can just give?
297. Was on sharing god's word how can we effectively share god's word there are several ways to to uh speak god's word to others you may not even have to say anything you can just give a trap you may?
298. It revealing a duty in which i have been delinquent and i need to do it is it saying what you know whatever it may assure me a duty i've neglected another question does this verse help me understand another?
299. From sister ingrid pierre uh what does it mean to have the indwelling of the holy spirit do we have it or is it something we obtain or attain let's?
300. How to study the bible there's several ways one of the ways alan white really recommends is to study biographies of people for instance study the life of abraham i mean really study it study the life of joseph from?
301. Are the souls that were slain or beheaded and who ruled with jesus are they physical or or flesh or are they spiritual or spirits essentially a soul is a physical being that's how we introduce the souls in the?
302. What are the biblical origins of babylon and what was its purpose biblical origin of babylon goes all the way back to a genesis chapter 10 we can go there we can read from verse 8 of genesis chapter 10?
303. Question number five for what reason will vabylon receive got seven last play but the reason is in uh verse two because she made all nations drink of the wine of wrath of fornication now if you go to uh?
304. What is the role of god's people in the final call made to babylon in revelation chapter 8. very important question?
305. What do they fall from is that part of the question um read it again read the whole question okay please revelations 14 8 and 18 2 declare that babylon is falling is falling what is the nature of this?
306. Actually four questions in one what is righteousness all right that's a very very important question i mean absolutely important let the bible explain what righteousness is let us?
307. In this first one is what is faith all right that is also easily answered by the bible let's?
308. How do we live righteous lives how do we live righteous lives we read righteous lives through faith in christ that's always the spinal cord of a christian life it is through faith in christ but who is the father?
309. How do we hunger and thirst after righteousness this is from matthew 5 6. does this have to do with eating the flesh and drinking the blood of jesus which is is the same message in john 15 abiding me?
310. I'm sorry everyone but someone has asked when it comes to the bible people often times say it doesn't matter what you believe as long as you are sincere do you agree with it that's not true at all?
311. What is righteousness by faith?
312. How can i compare my righteousness with the righteousness of god and i said no sinner has righteousness the salesperson's righteousness is the righteousness of god zechariah 3 from verse 1 and he showed me joshua the high priest standing?
313. How our justification and sanctification shown in the sanctuary well yes in the outer court we have the main article in the outer court was the uh the altar of sacrifice then it was the lever the label stood between?
314. The evidence that's why we're saved by faith we're judged by our words we're judged you said your christian says god let me see your life let me see your life a tree is known by the fruit the fruits?
315. A series of questions versus what is the nature of jesus is coming you have secret how do we explain matthew chapter 24 verses 40 and 41 where the bible reads speak holy ghost then shall we then shall two?
316. Elder randy sweet is how do we know when jesus is coming is it true that not even jesus knows when he will come based upon matthew 24 36 which states but of that day and hour knoweth no man?
317. And is it true that during the time of trouble the day in the hour price return will be revealed okay okay great great let's move along to the next question it says matthew 24 15 and 16 tell us to flee the mountain when we see the abomination of desolation in the holy place how will we know when the abomination of desolation has come okay?
318. That we have after that is when does the millennium take place where will god's people be and where will the wicked be in revelation 20 we have most of the information about the millennium the millennium will be in?
319. Elder and this is going to be the final ques actually two questions left and then we'll actually open it up for forms and questions upon social media and it says many people have been hearing that jesus is coming?
320. What practical preparation should we make for jesus's return james chapter 2 verse 12. now james is the half brother of jesus here's what jim says let's read from verse 8 if he observed the royal law according to the?
321. And so we have two forum questions first up and the first question is from david hutchinson and he asked elder will the anti-deluvian and the inhabitants of sodom and gomorrah witness the coming of christ or will they have?
322. From david hutchinson and he asked elder will the anti-deluvian and the inhabitants of sodom and gomorrah witness the coming of christ or will they have to wait until the second resurrection the second resurrection sacrifice now there will be?
323. From prish raj ranjev and he asks what is the difference between the faith of jesus and having faith in jesus the faith of jesus is the belief that christ is able to save you completely fully entirely from any?
324. That we have is i believe coming from brother samuel and he asked the question is it it is almost as israel refute israel's refusal to possess the promised land uh what should have taken 40 days took 40 years?
325. That we have is can you share more light upon the investigative judgment and the parable of the wedding investigative judgment is is an activity going on right now in matthew 22 there's a from verse 11 the king has?
326. Praise god the next question that we have is i believe coming from brother samuel and he asked the question is it it is almost as israel refute israel's refusal to possess the promised land uh what should have taken?
327. How do you explain matthew 40. two shall be in the field one taken one left two grinding at the middle one taken one left let's go back to uh the days of noah because this is just explaining two?
328. It again second question is it true that not even jesus knows when he will come matthew 24 36 but of that hour knoweth no man not the angels in heaven but my father now there was a time when?
329. Why has they come the question is am i ready if he pops up right now sorry my brother for my long responses next question praise god praise god and it's important as christians that we have patience we are?
330. Am i ready if he pops up right now sorry my brother for my long responses next question praise god praise god and it's important as christians that we have patience we are willing to endure?
331. It it is almost as israel refute israel's refusal to possess the promised land uh what should have taken 40 days took 40 years could it be the same for us today as god brought more trials to test their?
332. Two parts namely what is probation and the second is what is its purpose probation is a period of time that god gives to mankind or to a higher beings to carry out his will or to conduct themselves in a certain way probation occurred before sin probation occurred after sin what do i mean by probation occurred before sin?
333. Which was how does the close of probation and noah's time informed the close of probation at the end of time?
334. To ask you elder skeet is when does probation end and does probation end earlier for god's people what happens when probation closes no one knows when probation ends there's no date the only the last date we had was?
335. Comes from ryan the question is what happens to a person when they fully give their hearts to christ and truly repent yeah what does that person go through all right let's pray?
336. This is from sarah kim's she says hello pastor the anvil evangelicals teach that the sabbath day was a sign for the scientific covenant just as circumcision was for the abrahamic covenant therefore the sabbath is not binding today?
337. Comes from rodney smith this was from last month it is 5 30 7 8 on bc it's given as the time where the children of israel were freed of babylonian captivity this person is asking what is the exact?
338. He asked is um are we allowed to take a shower on sabbath okay are we allowed to take a shower on sabbath when i came into the african church that was a debate and i had a friend who?
339. Does probation end earlier okay?
340. Who did god foreknow every single one of us every single one of us is performed exactly and to all of us he gives the opportunity to accept jesus christ as our lord and savior and this is how we?
341. That you said aldusky will we cooperate with god's will and we don't all right so let us look at the next question the final question first season question seven what tips can we use to break the spirit of?
342. What happens to a person when they fully give their hearts to christ and truly repent yeah what does that person go through all right let's pray?
343. That i have is what will be the state of our bodies after resurrection so it's three questions but i'm going to ask you one by one so okay our body the state of our bodies the resurrection now if you?
344. What does malachi 4 verse 2 mean about us growing up as cows of the stall so malachi 4 verse 2 says but unto you that fear my name shall be righteousness arise with healing in his wings and forth?
345. How do we explain romans 5 14 in the light of resurrection romans 5 14 says nevertheless death from adam to moses even over them that had not sinned after the similitude of adam's transgression who is the figure of him that was to come all right?
346. What is the sign of jonah and its relationship to jesus's death and resurrection what is the relationship between the resurrection and baptism by immersion the sign of jonah matthew 12 45 as jonah was in three days and three?
347. That i have is will we live in houses in the new earth well yes [snorts] if you read john 14 1 to 2 let nothing 23 let not your heart be troubled you believe in god believe also in?
348. Comes from mark anthony cromwell and he asks how do we grieve for an expected loss of a loved one how do we grieve an expected loss of a loved one sorry for an unexpected my bad how do we?
349. From trisha she says who will be part of the 144 thousand i heard an elder at church say he believes these are all sdas this is true but i'd like to see what bible verse says then the 144 000 will be all those who obey god fully that's as far as i can those who are obedient to god because?
350. From sister cassandra james again she asks is it correct to believe that persons who died and didn't get a chance to keep a sabbath will get a chance to experience a sabbath on their journey to heaven if this?
351. Our bodies will be physical flesh and bones we will eat that's why we have the tree of life with 12 man in frost a ghost does not eat we will have a body like christ glorified no longer subjected?
352. Will we remember the wicked things we did on the earth when we get to heaven no a lot of things we will not remember um the bible [clears throat] says in isaiah 65 17 behold i create a new?
353. What is the relationship between the resurrection and baptism by immersion oh romans chapter 6 verse from verse 1 what shall we say then shall we continue and say that grace may abound god forbid how shall we that the?
354. It wrong not to claim death what does that mean all right well sister cassandra do you want to unmute and clarify yourself okay please i'll move to another question then we come back to that if she clarifies okay?
355. Who composes the remnant church is it only seven day adventists who are or rather what are the defining characteristics of the remnant and what is its purpose let's get a broad view of what remnant might mean in isaiah?
356. Which speaks to the purpose of the remnant why we are here this question is what is the relationship between the remnant and the three angels messages excellent question if you look at revelation uh revelation 14 has the final?
357. Right here is first what is meant by the hundred and forty four thousand not the filed with woman me being virgins not defiled with women simply means there is no illicit union no illicit association between error and truth?
358. That we have here alan white writes in last events page 254 paragraph three and i quote it is often the case that trouble is greater in anticipation than in reality yes but this is not true of the crisis?
359. Comes from roshewski and i saw rosheski was on the question is what are the abominations of ezekiel 9 and isaiah chapter 66 verse 17. um i know in ezekiel 9 we kind of did we allude to that one?
360. But i just want to acknowledge sister stacy anne who's been on and you may not have seen her in the fore but she's been behind the scenes capturing all of your questions and sending them directly to me as?
361. From rosheski again which is will the church be purified yes unhesitatingly yes an impure church cannot be taken to heaven it has to be purified i mean of all impurities before christ comes back um christ object lessons based?
362. This question says when the new jerusalem descends from heaven where will it rest that satan would want to marshal the wicked ones to battle against the saints this in the descent isn't the mount of olives that splits and?
363. This one comes from aj again how do we explain colossians two verses can we get someone from someone who's not had a question if you say aj again we've had one from him can we get one from?
364. It's so elderski this next person would like us to explain the difference between mind excusing between body mind spirit and soul okay well there's even more but i'll just pause right there yeah?
365. Comes from may headley good evening i would like to learn more about re-baptism i was baptized 13 years ago since then i have fallen and even turned away from god all right but i have returned each time and?
366. That's not so controversial okay i'm well okay what is the difference if someone is baptized in the name of jesus or baptized in the name of the father and of the son and of the holy ghost now jesus?
367. What are the abominations of ezekiel 9 and isaiah chapter 66 verse 17. um i know in ezekiel 9 we kind of did we allude to that one where well anyway where it talks about the ceiling of you know?
368. How do you reconcile the fact that flesh and blood cannot inherit the kingdom of god and yet jesus christ was physical when he rose flesh and blood will not inherit the kingdom of god yes but flesh and blood?
369. Very straightforward can you turn up your volume denisha oh can you hear me better now ah?
370. Our next question is in what ways or in what way is sanctification in the sanctuary i'll?
371. In what ways or in what way is sanctification in the sanctuary i'll?
372. It is how is the investigative judgment connected with the sanctuary message well it's uh all the activities took place around the sanctuary on the day of autonomous the tenth day of the month uh tertiary the seventh month of?
373. What is the standard of judgment what is the standard of judgment oh?
374. And what is being compared to the standard what is being compared to the standard yes your life and mine it is the standard The Ten Commandments now our lives are brought next to that standard to see if we?
375. Into so our next question is Romans 3 26 says of God's being just and the justifiers which believeth in Jesus yes so what does this mean?
376. And after what's that oh well it is how does the parable of the five wise and five foolish versions explain or we can say expound on the investigative judgment well it the investigative judgment is not the focus of?
377. Was when did the investigative judgment begin October 22 1844 of course that takes time to go into it but it can be studied reasonably intelligently and you will conclude clearly that that is when based on the symbolic we?
378. Are we aligning our motives our thoughts and our lifestyle so that when we are presented before the father Jesus can all right so we are going to transition I'm going to bring on my dear sister Jasmine Bowen she's?
379. How can God justify a sinner and God still remain just himself in other words it's wrong for God to justify a sinner that's what some people would say how can a sinner be considered just how can God do?
380. What is sin very important question there's a?
381. Is are we born with sinful inclinations and I know?
382. Asks what role does Jesus play and helping us gain the victory over sin it is the Life of Christ in US you see righteousness is a life it's another word for righteousness is the Life of Christ there is?
383. In our final official question is what is the relationship between forgiveness and victory over sin oh well?
384. If Grace is imparted by God's love this victory over sin the same is all of Grace and love it's all of Grace without God you and I cannot conquer sin without the grace of God we cannot even feel?
385. That's true that's true a written question we can make a judgment of God bless the rest of misunderstanding?
386. Will be what is the relationship between the Sabbath and Creation in other words how does the Sabbath help us recognize the power of creation and?
387. That precious posed Elder SK you mentioned how Inseparable creation physical creation is from spiritual Recreation so just bring how can we unpack that some more how does even the creation account even the Order of Things that were created mirror the process of conversion that the child of God must undergo to become like him?
388. Jesus Christ if you read Philippians not Philippians Ephesians 3 verse 9 and to make all men see what is the Fellowship of the mystery which from the beginning of the world ha been hidden God who created All Things?
389. What has sin done to Creation sin has introduced destruction into creation sin introduced death sin introduced painful child birth sin introduced thorns on roses sin introduced wild animals sin introduced murder sin sin introduced spous of abuse sin introduced?
390. Which was, why does God have to make a new world?
391. Elder Skeete, what is the significance of meditating upon the new world?
392. Are we going to sleep in the new world?
393. Can the desire to make it into the new world be selfish?
394. Do you want to live in a world without sin?
395. Which has two parts the first is what is repentance and the second is what is its role in Salvation so uh repentance is a very uh?
396. And this question is inspired by 2 Corinthians chapter 7 verse 10 I'm going to quickly read it there as Paul about the letter he wrote to the Corinthians and what it do says for Godly sorrow worketh repentance to?
397. Would you consider this Godly repentance or true repentance um as before it cannot be Godly repentance because here's what Jesus said of Judas in John 17:12 those that thou gavest me I have kept and none of them?
398. How should we prepare for this crisis?
399. Is where do we stand in the prophetic stream of time?
400. How does the day of atonement inform how we should prepare in these times?
401. Is, is this for the glory of this is how Jesus lived. John 8:29. and he that have sent me is with me. The Father hath not left me alone, for I do always those things that please him. We?
402. This is from my attorney Quashi. What does it mean to truly have faith when we face the final crisis?
403. This is from Aua. How can we bring the flesh under the subjection of Christ, especially with sins that easily beset us?
404. Put how do I prepare for the final crisis?
405. From Barbara. Is it possible to hear or have dreams >> uh and have visions?
406. How do we let workers keep the Sabbath?
407. All that a man hath will he give for his life?
408. Is there something I missed? Is there something in me I've not confessed? Is there something I'm not aware of?
409. Is this the glory of God?
410. What does devotion refer to in the Christian's life?
411. Is, what can we learn from the devotional life of John the Baptist?
412. That was posted here is from Kayla Vargas. >> She asks, "How do I increase my devotion and my prayer time with God?
413. From remnant messages states, I am a student. >> How can I have a proper devotion time whilst the school schoolwork needs attention?
414. In what ways does a deep devotional life build our love for God and truth?
415. How can I grow? Growing and multiplication in that context are the same thing. Grace and peace be multiplied through the knowledge. So it is by study that you grow in your knowledge or there's multiplication of understanding. Grace and?
416. How do I increase my devotion and my prayer time with God?
417. What do you want to do?
418. Why are you in law school? Why aren't you in some Bible school or some seminary? Why are you in law school?
419. What is it you want to do?
420. Why don't you go study the Bible?
421. Has three parts but you may answer it in one string. Namely, what is godliness?
422. Has to do with Romans 16 25- 27. Let's quickly read. It says, "Now to him that is of power to establish you according to my gospel and the preaching Christ according to the revelation of the mystery which was?
423. What is the obedience of faith?
424. Is, Lord, what will thou have me to do?
425. Says, what does that mean for our salvation?
426. Comes from Watch and Pray 2.0. Watch and pray. Can God's people become the latter reign?
427. Or in fact, maybe I'll just I can read let me just read this quote here from manuscript uh 114 the year 1898 paragraph 16?
428. Why should we study the mystery of godliness?
429. Twofold. Sure. The question is twofold um questions. And it says Paul names the manifestation of the mystery to all nations and necessary condition for the obedience of faith. Now the first question is what is the obedience of faith?
430. How was God manifest in the flesh?
431. Of salvation the prophet have inquired and searchth diligently, who prophesied of the grace that should came should come unto you." Now?
432. To him that is of power to establish you according to my gospel and the preaching Christ according to the revelation of the mystery which was kept secret since the world began. But now is made manifest and by?
433. Came from brother Shane Grecian and he asks, "What's the difference between conviction and discernment?
434. How can a limited human mind discern unlimited divine truth?
435. Sister Mary has asked, "What do you believe are the most pre pressing theological challenges faced by the Adventist church now and in the coming years?
436. Handle me." He honors the fact they have the sense of touch. Thomas wanted to depend only on those things. God is saying that's faithlessness. So, Jesus said, "Okay, go ahead. Look at me. Touch me. Now, will you finally?
437. What's the difference between conviction and discernment?
438. Why do you look so surprised?
439. What do you believe are the most pre pressing theological challenges faced by the Adventist church now and in the coming years? And how can truth and discernment prepare us for them?
440. Is your God able to save you?
441. Can truth be born or brought forth according to Proverbs 8:es 22 to 24? Since Jesus is truth, can truth be what? Since Jesus is truth, can truth be born or brought forth?
442. How do you, you know, balance ministry with being in medical school and so forth?
443. When will repentance no longer be possible in a new world because there's no sin you only repent of sin by the way even before the new world comes you don't repent because you have a carnal nature the presence of the carnal nature is not itself a sin?
444. Country living country living what is really country living if it's going to a remote area how will one access medical care jobs education and who will preach in the city if we all move to the country all right?
445. Probably the last one how do we as a church accept the homosexuals and love them should we allow them to participate in church activities the homosexual the lesbian the adulterer the fornicator the child abuser the thief the carjacker christ died for all sinners if the church knows there's a practice in child abuser that person cannot work in children's ministries?
446. About country living country living what is really country living if it's going to a remote area how will one access medical care jobs education and who will preach in the city if we all move to the country all?
447. Can our biases be the result of unconscious bias or behaviors?
448. That we have. I'm wondering if there are different types of prayers and would you be able to just describe what type of prayer and when we would use a particular prayer?
449. And I'm trusting in him. Can I just let him fulfill his will and not worry about laboring in the Lord in prayer, asking for something?
450. Tying into what you mentioned there, the importance of intercessory prayer. Uh how does that work?
451. Lord, do you require more of men than what I'm now doing?
452. We can only consent for Christ to accomplish the work." Then the language of the soul will be, and here's a prayer I hope you mark down. It's on the back inside back cover of this booklet you're going to?
453. The prayer of your soul will be Lord, take my heart, for I cannot give it. It is your property." In other words, we've already given our heart to him. But today, I have a lot of trouble surrendering totally?
454. Lord, why would Zach do this? It was some kind of silly. And why would he do this? We trained him better than this. He didn't have to do that. Why would he do it? And what am I going to say to him when he gets home?
455. Why don't you ask me if what you might have done that would have made him think this wasn't that bad?
456. God, are you kidding me?
457. How much should have you prayed for him?
458. How do I get rid of these slugs in my vegetable garden?
459. What does all this shouting do?
460. Father, did you not say you're not willing for Sebastian to be lost?
461. Father, did you not say Sunday is the Sabbath?
462. Lord, what is it you wish for me to do?
463. Father, half the people are not here this afternoon. Where did they go to give Bible studies? Where are they?
464. Lord, what can I praise you for? >> What am I thankful for?
465. Where is the Lord God of Elijah?
466. What is the relationship between our diet and spirituality oh there's every connection between diet and spirituality the first atom fell on the question of diet the second atom concurred on the question of diet diet and spirituality are cannot?
467. Was how do we get the Holy Spirit let's find three ways to get the Holy Spirit the easy way let's?
468. What does the Bible say about Christmas celebration oh absolutely nothing absolutely nothing now that does not mean I condemned those who celebrate Christmas we have a lot of information that Emma likes right things about Christmas she does not?
469. Please enlighten us a little on how we should deal with those who had divorced and remarried do we still need to worry for our ex when you say worry for your ex what does that mean worried for our?
470. I hope is easy this time what is God's purpose for sex God's purpose for sex well I'm too young to talk about that sort of thing but gods this is a church two purposes one procreation and to the?
471. I pass I can answer all those questions because I have to stop I'll take that do you have one in your hand what does that say how important is the century service Oh God Psalm 77 Psalm 77?
472. It ok to sing worldly songs which is holy the lyrics of the melody why is there so much in inconsistencies among SDA hmm is it ok to sing secular songs that would depend now the national anthem of the?
473. After the fall of Lucifer ass covering cherub mm-hmm who took his place Gabriel what can we find where can we find this in the Bible now you want there's a lot of things you don't find explicitly stated in?
474. Will only Adventist go to heaven the answer is no but I said only the obedient will go to heaven John 15 22 what does that first say nice and clean loud if I had not come and spoken unto?
475. For after that is if I'm given a abominable food let's say pork is it okay to give it away to my neighbor alright if I'm given an abominable food like pork yeah porks not the only abominable food but?
476. Saying the why are the seventh-day Adventists are believing on the second coming of Christ I wonder if that's a seventh-day Adventist who was that question why do we believe in the second coming of Christ it is the most popular doctrine in the Bible especially in the New Testament the second coming of Christ is hinted at all the way in genesis 3:15 and i will put in?
477. Just provide the pecks to answer the question who shall come is it the father or the son yeah in the second coming?
478. How about being vegetarian would I be saved if I'm not a vegetarian will I be saved if I'm not a vegetarian you will be saved if you ignore God's conviction regarding your health habits if God has given you light that meat is you continue to eat it you have condemned yourself?
479. About just provide the pecks to answer the question who shall come is it the father or the son yeah in the second coming?
480. These are the last three different questions the first is where will God put his kingdom in the last day sinigang where will God put his kingdom in the last day we will go well where will get establish?
481. When do I stop yes my question all right go ahead we started at about 2:30 is 10:00 to 4:00 we stopped at 4 o'clock 10:00 whoa - these questions are not related with each other so I don't know?
482. Will I go to heaven or hell if I cook on Sabbath people are lost for disobeying God we are lost for disobeying God God tortillas lights the food you prepare on Friday will remain fresh on Sabbath because there's?
483. Why do Adventist preach about the second coming if there's no second coming there's no point for all this church and vegetarian lifestyle and following Jesus and there's no second coming why did Christ die where's the time the Second?
484. We're dealing with why do we need the Old Testament when Christ is the god of the new God Christ the Holy Spirit they are God of the Bible do you have John 5:39 search the scriptures now when Jesus?
485. All right. Before we get to it, review. What did I say about Father, Son, Holy Ghost?
486. Now, by the way, the church has no position on whether it's literally 144,000 or symbolic. Both sides are in the church. It's not one of the 28 fundamental doctrines. It isn't. Okay. The the next one is um?
487. By the way, if you're rich enough to have a living made, as is very often common in some parts of the world, they should not work on Sabbath either. You with me?
488. The next one is in your previous sermon you said, "Don't marry a man who is spiritually weak." What does spiritually weak mean?
489. The next one is, what is your advice for young people in courtship?
490. Uh the next one um is this. How many more are left?
491. Asked, what is your understanding of Constantine changing all the Bible's original names?
492. Can my remarage be forgiven?
493. How much of the world can I bring into my spiritual life without losing out in salvation? How much of the world can I include?
494. Is that appropriate for the Sabbath?
495. Is it lawful to heal?
496. Which of you shall have an ass or an ox fallen into a pit and will not straight away pull him out on the Sabbath day?
